desktop/settings: Add Docker VMM (#20986)
docker/docker.github.io: content/manuals/desktop/settings.md

  and the ability to run Wasm applications with Docker.
  For more information, see [containerd image store](containerd.md).

> - {{< badge color=blue text="Mac only" >}} **Choose Virtual Machine Manager (VMM)**. Choose the Virtual Machine Monitor for creating and managing the Docker Desktop Linux VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{< badge color=blue text="Mac only" >}} **Choose Virtual Machine Manager (VMM)**. Choose the Virtual Machine Manager for creating and managing the Docker Desktop Linux VM.
```

>   - Select **Docker VMM** for the latest and most performant Hypervisor/Virtual Machine Manager. This option is available only on Apple Silicon Macs running macOS 12.5 or later and is currently in Beta.

Reviewer 2: It would be great to write up a blog post explaining how Docker VMM is better than Apple's Virtualization Framework

    > [!TIP]
    >
    > Turn this setting on to make Docker Desktop run faster.

>   - Alternatively, you can choose **Apple Virtualization framework**, **QEMU** (for Apple Silicon), or **HyperKit** (for Intel Macs). For macOS 12.5 and later, Apple Virtualization framework is the default setting.

Reviewer 3: isn't Qemu also available on Intel?

- {{< badge color=blue text="Mac only" >}}**Choose file sharing implementation for your containers**. Choose whether you want to share files using **VirtioFS**, **gRPC FUSE**, or **osxfs (Legacy)**. VirtioFS is only available for macOS 12.5 and later, and is turned on by default.
    > [!TIP]
    >
    > Use VirtioFS for speedy file sharing. VirtioFS has reduced the time taken to complete filesystem operations by [up to 98%](https://github.com/docker/roadmap/issues/7#issuecomment-1044452206). It is the only file sharing implementation supported by Docker VMM.

> - {{< badge color=blue text="Mac only" >}}**Use Rosetta for x86_64/amd64 emulation on Apple Silicon**. Turns on Rosetta to accelerate x86/AMD64 binary emulation on Apple Silicon. This option is only available if you have turned on **Apple Virtualization framework** in the **General** settings tab. You must also be on macOS 13 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{< badge color=blue text="Mac only" >}}**Use Rosetta for x86_64/amd64 emulation on Apple Silicon**. Turns on Rosetta to accelerate x86/AMD64 binary emulation on Apple Silicon. This option is only available if you have selected **Apple Virtualization framework** as the Virtual Machine Manager. You must also be on macOS 13 or later.
```
